{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20460\viewh12240\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tiers are based on K Means classification.  \
\
How is the projection calculated? \
\
CALCULATION: Track stream Revenue over 3 week rolling average. If the revenue difference this week or the week prior exceeds the Tier trigger. (For example 5% for Strumbellas who are Tier 1). Then that difference in revenue stream revenue is multiplied by the Stream revenue figure to give you your recommended marketing spend for that exact period. \
\
IF this recommendation exceeds the budget, then the label will only spend their budget cap. \
\
Return on Ad Spend calculated = (expected ad return * ad spend) + (5% of week prior ad spend) + (3% of 2 weeks prior\'92s and spend)  \
\
*Go through report and hash out math for Superfan \
\
\'93
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
250% return, meaning that for every dollar spent in hyper-targeted advertising you will see two dollars and fifty cents in revenue. The second is that for every 5000 streams, we will acquire one superfan worth $100 over the period of a year.\'94  \
\
Pg 30 - \'93Ad Spend Return Calculation: For the purpose of this report we have assumed a modest return of 2.7x or 270% return. This includes an assumed 250% return the week of plus a 12.5% return the week after and a 7% return the two weeks after. \'a0\'93 Isn\'92t it 250 + 5% then 3%? \
\
Are we calling \'93Superfan\'94 what David Kelly calls True Fans? Yes \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2  For every 1000 additional streams earned as a result of ad dollars spent we estimate that we can retain one superfan. The value of a superfan where the artist is signed to a 360 deal, meaning the label receive a percentage of approximately all revenue streams, the value of that superfan is $100.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
=IF(AB43>0, IF((AB37-AA37)         / $G$4>0,  ((AB37-AA37)/$G$4),0), 0) \
=IF(1125>0,  IF((263,730-229,466) / 1000>0 , ((263,730-229,466)/1000),0),0) \
\
	^ \
\
Return On Ad Spend  \
\
1125>0 therefore 34,264 additional streams as a result of the $1125 ad spend. 34,264/1000 (1 in every 1000 will be a superman) = 34 superfans. ***DON\'92T UNDERSTAND SECOND PART OF MACRO after the first 1000>0. \
\
Superfan Revenue Calc = # of Superfans x ($10 or $100 /52). $10 for Recording Only and $100 for 360 Deal. 52 for # of weeks in the year.\
\
\
Clarification on having the Superfan Revenue vs The Superfan Revenue (Recording Only) if it\'92s a Recording Only artist? \
\
Ad & Superfan Revenue = Return on Ad Spend + Superfan Revenue  \
\
\
*DOWNLOAD PATCH FOR UBER CONFERENCE SCREEN SHARING\
}